Martinh/connect import fix (#503)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: products/connect/guides/upgrade.md

---
title: Wormhole Connect Migration Guide
description: Learn how to migrate to Wormhole Connect ^v1.0, with step-by-step guidance on updating your package and configuration.
categories: Connect, Transfer
---

# Wormhole Connect Migration Guide

> The Wormhole Connect feature has been updated to **version 3.0**, introducing a modernized design and improved routing for faster native-to-native token transfers. This stable release comes with several breaking changes in how to configure the application, requiring minor updates to your integration.

Reviewer: should we put this in a variables.yml ?

Author: These docs are specifically about version 3 so we shouldn't link it to the current version

These updates ensure better performance and a smoother integration experience.

> !!! tip "Note"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! note
```

Author: I set this one as "tip" just for the styling, I think it looks better. The box still says "Note"

>     Connect versions `v1.x` and `v2.x` share the same configuration structure. This guide refers to both as `v1.x` for simplicity. You can follow the same steps whether you're upgrading from `v0`, `v1`, or `v2` to `v3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Connect versions v1.x and v2.x share the same configuration structure. This guide outlines a unified upgrade process to v3.x, regardless of whether you're using v0.x, v1.x, or v2.x.
```

=== "v1.x"

    ```typescript

>     import { type config } from '@wormhole-foundation/wormhole-connect';

Author: This applies to v1 and above; for version 0, it remains the same as before.
